initialPart 1


Spreading ideas to the world, "TED"
and sharing (user) them with each other.
Transition:
Ideas have been shared in the past *hint at TED talks*
Part 2
But now it's our turn to share our ideas independently -> "x"
(X is the teenager and GUC is the identity of teenager)
Part 3
User interaction -> "A3alem w at3alem"
(No text here unless you have something specific in mind)
Part 4
GUC club experience in building event; want to inspire etc etc
Our mission, vision and goals
Part 5
Moving on to event -> "that's why we made this event"


Heba 1 :

Part 1
Since 1984, TED has been encouraging and supporting the notion of sharing ideas under the slogan “Ideas Worth Spreading”. Since then, TED has succeeded in pooling ideas from various different fields, which have started with Technology, Entertainment, and Design. TED talks have travelled the world and changed the lives of many people out there. Taking this one step further, TED has designed a program that creates TED-like experiences domestically; TEDx.
Part 2
Given the chance to make use of what we have learned from TED, TEDxGUC developed to be able to change the environment at the German University in Cairo. To optimize the benefit, TEDxGUC tried to absorb all it could from TED, to deliver it in an Egyptian, GUCian way to the GUC community.
Part 3
Part 4
TEDxGUC is a club at the GUC whose main aim is the TED-like final event. Our vision is to help in the community’s development process through sharing valuable information and unique ideas. Moreover, our mission is to become a platform for sharing knowledge amongst the GUC students, leading them to a much prosperous future.

Part 1
Since 1984, TED has begun it's mission to motivate/prode the sharing of intellectual thoughts/ideas with the sole slogan "Ideas Worth Spreading". From then on, multiple ideas have come together through TED; Technology, Entertainment and Design. Through further progress, TED came to simulate a TED-like experiance on individual levels; TEDx
Part 2
With the benefits aquired from TED, we plan on implementing our attained knowledge to reforming the enviroment at the German University in Cairo on a more personal level.
Part 3/4
TEDxGUC is a club with the single destination of a TED-like final event. Our vision, has us assisting our community in their voyage towards develompent through the merging of valuable resources.
The integration of such knowledge a midst the GUC students will have us established as a unique platfom, leading the way to a prosperous future.

Amina 2 :

Part 1
Since 1984,TED launched it's mission for "Ideas Worth Spreading". With the gathering of intellectuals over TED; Technology, Entertainment and Design, simulating an individual TED-like experiance.
Part 2
With TED's benefits, we secure the implementation of attained knowledge to reform the enviroment at the German University in Cairo.
Part 3/4
TEDxGUC as a club, is destined for a TED-like final event. Leading, with a sole goal of merging resources to break grounds in the assistance of others in their development/maturity journey, handing them a prosperous future.

Rana & Draz :

Ideas came to life when we came to consciousness

Every time we discovered a new way of communication
Ideas found new ways to travel

and with every new way, a revolution followed

Pushing this forward, TED was founded with the mission of “ideas worth spreading”

Gathering intellectuals to share ideas in Technology, Entertainment and Design

TED talks have travelled the world changing the lives of many people.
But many good  ideas are yet to find light

So In the spirit of ideas worth spreading TED founded TEDx
a TED-like event organized independently by people who want to share ideas

Sharing ideas leads to the construction of new ideas

People can take part in constructing an idea by learning it and teaching it to someone else

This two-way educational channel is  why TEDxGUC is throwing a TED event